Add documentation for Ink API (#21872)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/inkpresenter/expectedimprovement/index.md

---
title: InkPresenter.expectedImprovement
slug: Web/API/InkPresenter/expectedImprovement
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - API
  - Experimental
  - Ink
  - Inking
  - Latency
  - Property
  - expectedImprovement
browser-compat: api.InkPresenter.expectedImprovement
---

{{APIRef("Ink API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`expectedImprovement`** read-only property of the {{domxref("InkPresenter")}} interface returns a value, in milliseconds, indicating the perceived latency improvements that can be expected using this presenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`expectedImprovement`** read-only property of the {{domxref("InkPresenter")}} interface returns a value, in milliseconds, indicating the perceived latency improvement that can be expected using this presenter.
```

Reviewer: Is it "really percieved"? Or actual/measured? Most of us don't perceive low ms values.

```suggestion
The **`expectedImprovement`** read-only property of the {{domxref("InkPresenter")}} interface returns a value, in milliseconds, indicating the latency improvement that can be expected using this presenter.
```
